[docs] Add CI/CD tutorial (#44866)
expo/expo: docs/pages/tutorial/cicd/next-steps.mdx

---
title: Next steps
description: Learn about the next steps in your journey with EAS Workflows.
---

import { BuildIcon } from '@expo/styleguide-icons/custom/BuildIcon';
import { EasSubmitIcon } from '@expo/styleguide-icons/custom/EasSubmitIcon';
import { BookOpen02Icon } from '@expo/styleguide-icons/outline/BookOpen02Icon';
import { Cloud01Icon } from '@expo/styleguide-icons/outline/Cloud01Icon';
import { Dataflow03Icon } from '@expo/styleguide-icons/outline/Dataflow03Icon';
import { LayersTwo02Icon } from '@expo/styleguide-icons/outline/LayersTwo02Icon';

import { BoxLink } from '~/ui/components/BoxLink';

> Congratulations! You've completed the CI/CD tutorial and built a full pipeline for an Expo project with [EAS Workflows](/eas/workflows/introduction/). Every push, pull request, and version tag is now wired to the right automation, from development builds through production releases and web deploys.

Author: **[suggestion]** Passive `is now wired` (`expo-docs-style-guide.md#voice-and-tone`).

```suggestion
Congratulations! You've completed the CI/CD tutorial and built a full pipeline for an Expo project with [EAS Workflows](/eas/workflows/introduction/). Every push, pull request, and version tag now runs the right automation, from development builds through production releases and web deploys.
```

## EAS Workflows references

<BoxLink
  title="EAS Workflows syntax reference"
  description="See the complete syntax reference for workflow files, including triggers, jobs, expressions, and conditional execution."
  href="/eas/workflows/syntax/"

>   Icon={BookOpen02Icon}

Author: **[design]** This BoxLink points at `/eas/workflows/syntax/`; use `Dataflow03Icon` rather than `BookOpen02Icon` for `/eas/workflows/` destinations (`expo-docs-boxlink-icons.md#canonical-mapping`).

```suggestion
  Icon={Dataflow03Icon}
```

The `Dataflow03Icon` import is already present at the top of the file, so no import change is needed.

  href="/eas/environment-variables/"
  Icon={BookOpen02Icon}
/>

## Related EAS services

<BoxLink
  title="EAS Build"
  description="See EAS Build documentation to learn more about compiling and signing Android and iOS apps."
  href="/build/introduction/"
  Icon={BuildIcon}
/>

<BoxLink
  title="EAS Update"
  description="See EAS Update documentation to learn more about publishing over-the-air updates and customizable rollout strategies."
  href="/eas-update/introduction/"
  Icon={LayersTwo02Icon}
/>

<BoxLink
  title="EAS Submit"
  description="See EAS Submit documentation to learn more about uploading app binaries to the Google Play Store and Apple App Store from one CLI command."
  href="/submit/introduction/"
  Icon={EasSubmitIcon}
/>

<BoxLink
  title="EAS Hosting"
  description="See EAS Hosting documentation to learn more about deploying Expo Router and React Native web apps."
  href="/eas/hosting/introduction/"
  Icon={Cloud01Icon}
/>

## Relevant guides

<BoxLink
  title="Automate submissions"
  description="See the automate submissions guide to enable automatic submissions to app stores after every EAS Build."
  href="/build/automate-submissions/"

>   Icon={BookOpen02Icon}

Author: **[design]** This BoxLink points at `/build/automate-submissions/`; use `BuildIcon` rather than `BookOpen02Icon` for `/build/` destinations (`expo-docs-boxlink-icons.md#canonical-mapping`).

```suggestion
  Icon={BuildIcon}
```

The `BuildIcon` import is already present at the top of the file, so no import change is needed.

/>

<BoxLink
  title="App credentials"
  description="See the app credentials guide to learn more about credentials requirements for Android and iOS production builds and submissions."
  href="/app-signing/app-credentials/"
  Icon={BookOpen02Icon}
/>

<BoxLink
  title="Custom builds"
  description="See the custom builds documentation to extend EAS Build with your own configuration and build steps."
  href="/custom-builds/get-started/"
  Icon={BookOpen02Icon}
/>

<BoxLink
  title="GitHub Actions with EAS Update"
  description="See the GitHub Actions guide on how to publish updates with EAS Update from a GitHub Actions workflow."
  href="/eas-update/github-actions/"

>   Icon={BookOpen02Icon}

Author: **[design]** This BoxLink points at `/eas-update/github-actions/`; use `LayersTwo02Icon` rather than `BookOpen02Icon` for `/eas-update/` destinations (`expo-docs-boxlink-icons.md#canonical-mapping`).

```suggestion
  Icon={LayersTwo02Icon}
```

The `LayersTwo02Icon` import is already present at the top of the file, so no import change is needed.
